:bookmark: release 1.1.0 (#194)
maykinmedia/objects-api: CHANGELOG.rst

Change history
==============

1.1.0 (2021-04-21)
------------------

**Bugfixes and QOL**

* Improve performance with database query optimization (#136) :zap:
* Bumped to newer versions of Django, Jinja2, Pillow, PyYAML including security fixes (#183, #182, #184, #176, #193)

* Fixed a crash when creating an object without a version in the admin (#146)

> * Fixes a crash when opening an objecttype without versions in the admin (maykinmedia/objects-api#144)

Author: Oops, this is the Objecttypes API change. I'll remove this line

**Deployment tooling / infrastructure**

* Create Helm chart to deploy the Objects API on Kubernetes (#180)
* Add Ansible configuration to deploy the Objecttypes on single server (#59)

**Documentation**

* Create a tutorial how to use the Objects API and the Objecttypes API with examples (#61)
* Document how to configure authentication and authorization for the Objects API and the Objecttypes API (#179)
* Document deployment of the Objects API and the Objecttypes API on single server and Kubernetes (#59)
* Add AUTHORS file
* Translate help-texts for `Content-Crs` and `Accept-Crs` headers from Dutch to English in the OAS (#106)
* Add information about validation to the OAS (#106)

> **New features**

Reviewer: Move new features section to top :)

> * Decouple authentication tokens from users in the admin (#115)
> * Add additional fields for tokens to store extra information (#155)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Decoupled authentication tokens from users in the admin (#115)
* Added additional fields for tokens to store extra information (#155)
```

> * For object types use special ObjectType object instead of urls (#115)

Reviewer: Is this a feature? How? Where?

Author: It's a part of "Decouple authentication tokens from users", I thought it's worth mentioning in a separate line. I'll remove it

> * Improve the Admin UI:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improved the Admin UI:
```

    * Include `uuid` field to the "object" page (#156)
    * Make `object_type` field immutable (#150)

>     * Add filtering on `object_type` to the "object" page (#157)

Reviewer: Move to bottom of this section to keep the other new feature grouped together.

Author: Ok

* Adhere the Objecttypes API to API principles API-09, API-18, API-19, API-51 defined in API Design Rules of Nederlandse API Strategie (#46, #174)
* Support `fields=` query param and display only selected fields in the API response (#174)
* Add length validation fo url fields (#154)

> **Cleanup**

Reviewer: Cleanup can be removed or fitted under lib update item:
> * Bumped to newer versions of [...]

Author: Moved to the lib update line
